ADR 19 and 20 updated (#3649)
conveyordata/data-product-portal: docs/adr/0019-event-payload-scoping.md

## Decision Outcome

**Chosen approach:** *Option 1 (ID-only events + soft deletes).* and *Option 4: ID-only events + finalizers (Kubernetes-style)*

They are honestly very similar and just have small differences, we will take the best of both approaches.

Option 2 is rejected outright: it accidentally solves the delete problem but couples the event contract to internal API shapes and ships a lot of display metadata the provisioner never touches.

> Option 3 has been rejected after trying implementation options, it doesn't handle certain edge cases nicely like missing events.

Reviewer: Can you make this more concrete "doesn't handle certain cases nicely like missing events" as this feels like the major pivotal point compared to the previous chosen option.

Author: These are explained in the bad for Option 3 below, do they make sense?

### Option 1: ID-only events + soft deletes

> We will implement event loops in the SDK that only implement data product and reconciler [see here](./reference/id-only-event-implementation.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will implement [event loops](./reference/id-only-event-implementation.md) in the SDK that only implement Data Product and Exploration reconcilers.
```

> Output port events trigger the data product event loop for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Output Port events trigger the Data Product event loop for example.
```
